hello this is easy cooking 3 2 1
today I am going to make chapati or
unleavened bread details of the recipe
is given below the video and
@easycooking 3 2 1 calm chappati or
unleavened bread is an important part of
diet for many people here I'm making two
types one is made to puff up on the open
flame the other is only cooked on the
griddle or tava let me show you how I
made this I'll first make the dough for
the chapati I have a work Bowl with one
cup of chapati flour or whole wheat
flour to this I'll add 1/4 teaspoon of
salt 1 teaspoon of oil I'll mix this
to this I'll add approximately half a
cup or enough water to make a smooth
reliable dough I'll need this for a
couple of minutes to this'll add a few
drops of oil cover the dough with that I
will cover this and let it rest for 30
minutes
after this has rested for 30 minutes
I'll need this again for about two
minutes and then divide it to divide
I'll flour my hands I'll divide this
into six equal parts you can divide this
up to eight equal parts I am not that
good you know
these are now ready to be rolled into
chapatis to make the chapathis I will
flour the work surface and with a
rolling pin
applying medium pressure I roll this
into round disks
dust off the excess flour place it on a
griddle or thava which is on medium heat
and I will wait for the bubbles to start
forming when I start seeing the bubbles
I'll turn it over and let it cook on the
other side again when I see new bubbles
I will remove it place it on the open
fire cook it on both sides and remove it
if you don't have open flame to work
with I'll show you another way to make
chapatis again I will place it on a
griddle or tava which is on medium heat
and I'll wait for the bubbles to start
forming when I start seeing the bubbles
I will turn it over and let it cook on
the other side
- this'll add some clarified butter or
ghee
a few drops on the other side
when I see brown spots on both sides it
is ready to come out and these are now
ready to serve I made six chapatis three
full cars on the open flame and three
chapathis on the griddle with ghee you
can serve chapati as a part of a main
meal with curries and are do try it
sometime it's easy good food that was
easy cooking thank you for watching